Add lm link articles (#185)
lmstudio-ai/docs: 5_lmlink/qna.md

---

## Q&A

Got questions about LM Link? We cover some of the most common questions below.

#### Q: Does LM Link open up my computer to the public internet?
A: No! All your devices in the LM Link network communicate with each other using Tailscale’s internal end-to-end encrypted connections. None of your devices are ever exposed to the public Internet.

#### Q: Can I use remote models with LM Studio's local server?
A: Yes. Any model in your LM Link network can be used as if they are local. This means that any tool that already connects to your local LM Studio will be able to use remote models as well, just by pointing to localhost:1234 as usual.

#### Q: Can I use remote models through the LM Studio API/SDKs?
A: Yes. Any model in your LM Link network can be used as if they are local. Just specify the model key as usual. If the model can be found on a remote device, it can be used through LM Link.

#### Q: Will LM Link interfere with my existing Tailscale VPN?
A: No. LM Link is an entirely separate and self-contained utilization of Tailscale VPN primitives. LM Link will coexist with other Tailscale utilization on your machine or network, with no interference or interplay. 

> #### Q: Can LM Studio’s server see my chats?

Reviewer: I personally find this a bit confusing coming right after saying that you can use remote models with "LM Studio's local server." The "server" here is ambiguous. IMO "Hub" is more clear about the intent.

```suggestion
#### Q: Can the LM Studio Hub see my chats?
```
